So by now you have understood that spy is
going to use the real object you unless
stubout something all the methods on
the real object will be called by
mockito when we use a spy whereas if we
mock then it's mockitoes own version of
object and nothing happens unless we
stubout a particular call,so a better way of
handling spice or doing partial mocking
in mockito is not to use by simply use
mockito mock annotations ctrl 1
to import it control shift O to remove
the spy and unused imports and in our
code we can now use this when syntax
without any problem so this is stubbed out
earlier when we used spy
it threw a index out of bound
exception because it called the actual
method but now it's mocked out and we no
longer need is do return syntax and also
we can call the real methods if you want
to
by simply using mockito dot when my list
dot size is called then call real method
so this is a better way of handling it
instead of using spy and then stubbing
out some methods and calling the real
methods for a lot of them we can simply
use mark and only in cases where we want
to use the real method you can simply
say when the object and then call the
real method is a better syntax so in you
application if you ever need RCL
mocking then use @mock
annotation and then call real method
this way we need not learn another
syntax of doreturn we can simply use
the
when syntax.